My school uniform is so hot and hard
You are trying to use the aftermath of Concubine Yan
Charm attack
Aifei, help me detoxify
I can't move, how can you detoxify?
Of course it's brother
As expected of the number one master of Great Xia
I can actually point a sword at you to fax gas
No, why do I still feel so hot?
Does it look good? It looks good, hahaha.
Hey don't stop
I feel your chest flush
It may be caused by the friction of this dress.
I have something called underwear.
I'll give it to you another day.
Your Highness, the knowledge of raising a camp for the anti-gold army cannot be
You can be blind.
Blind again
This is the dowry of the concubine
And all the money of the Xiao family
You can take it to prevent disaster.
What a nice wife
The Xiao family and their sons were all killed by him
Bastard's predecessor is in jail
The Xiao family is still willing to go all out to raise money with me
Fight soldiers
It's not by some mood
Combat effectiveness is the most important thing
The stakes are high
concubine
I'm going to find a group of top craftsmen in secret
Knock these weapons out
As long as there are these resistance gold men no longer survive
Lao Tzu's ashes residents for more than ten years
I can finally show my skills
Just these
Trust me. Okay.
I immediately arranged for someone to find a craftsman to make it.
The prince's association is broken
All civil and military officials and newcomers bid
They say before the army arrives
Unable to come to discuss disaster relief